---
title: "Lab 2 - Medium"
chapter: false
weight: 120
tags:
  - beginner
  - MFESummit2020
  - shiftleft
  
---


## Medium difficulty
Now we are making things a bit more complicated, this time, use the template named "fixme_medium_cloudformation.yaml"

The steps in this lab are similar to those of Lab 1:

1. Log into your Jenkins instance.

2. From the home screen, enter the project named "1_ConfigAudit_Medium" and click the "Build Now" button.  This will cause Jenkins to attempt to build the "fixme_medium_cloudformation.json" file in your AWS CodeCommit repo.

3. Observe the project's build progress in the build window.

4.  The build will fail.  Let's click the number next to the red dot of the recent build to explore why.

5.  From the build status screen, click "Console Output".

6.  Investigate the cause of the build failure from the console output.

7.  Back in Cloud9, expand the "McAfeeAtRSA" folder and double click the "fixme_medium_cloudformation.json" file to open it in the Cloud9 code editor.

8.  Using the information in the failed Jenkins build's console output, try to find and fix the problem within the CloudFormation template.  Feel free to use Google and AWS Documentation to assist with making the necessary changes! 

9.  When you are satisfied with your changes, save them ("File > Save") and then commit and push the changes to your repository.

10. Commit the code changes to your local copy of the code with the command ``git commit -a -m "Updated Security Configuration""`` and then push the changes to your repo by entering ``git push``

Note: This will trigger an automatic build of your new code in Jenkins within a few seconds.

11. Go back to Jenkins to see if the new build was successful.

12. If not, then investigate why it failed, try fix the issue check in the code changes again, and investigate the next build!

{{%expand "Need help?" %}}
Check out this post for some help and and example
https://stackoverflow.com/a/48417263
{{%/expand%}}

### When the build succeeds

1.  Investigate the console output from the build and check out which resources were deployed
2.  Look in the Cloudformation console for the relevant region for detail on the deployed assets and stages: https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2

{{%expand "Need help?" %}}
Check out this post for some help and and example
https://stackoverflow.com/a/48417263
{{%/expand%}}

#### Move on to the next section to try your skills at the Hard level!