---
title: "Lab 3 - Hard"
chapter: false
weight: 130
tags:
  - beginner
  - MFESummit2020
  - shiftleft
  
---


## Hard difficulty
This time its for the experts. Show off how good you are in defining secure and compliance cloud infrastructure by getting the template named `fixme_hard_cloudformation.json` to deploy!

The lab steps are again similar to the others, but there are more difficult errors with this deployment.

1. Log into your Jenkins instance.

2. From the home screen, enter the project named `1_ConfigAudit_Hard` and click the "Build Now" button.  This will cause Jenkins to attempt to build the `fixme_hard_cloudformation.json` file in your AWS CodeCommit repo.

3. Observe the project's build progress in the build window.

4.  The build will fail.  Let's click the number next to the red dot of the recent build to explore why.

5.  From the build status screen, click `Console Output`.

6.  Investigate the cause of the build failure from the console output.

7.  Back in Cloud9, expand the `McAfeeAtRSA` folder and double click the `fixme_hard_cloudformation.json` file to open it in the Cloud9 code editor.

8.  Using the information in the failed Jenkins build's console output, try to find and fix the problem within the CloudFormation template.  Feel free to use Google and AWS Documentation to assist with making the necessary changes! 

9.  When you are satisfied with your changes, save them (`File > Save`) and then commit and push the changes to your repository.

10. Commit the code changes to your local copy of the code with the command ``git commit -a -m "Updated Security Configuration""`` and then push the changes to your repo by entering ``git push``

Note: This will trigger an automatic build of your new code in Jenkins within a few seconds.

11. Go back to Jenkins to see if the new build was successful.

12. If not, then investigate why it failed, try fix the issue check in the code changes again, and investigate the next build!

### When the build succeeds

Investigate the console output from the build and check out which resources were deployed
Look in the CloudFormation console for the relevant region for detail on the deployed assets and stages: https://us-west-2.console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home?region=us-west-2

If the stack failed **find out why and try to fix it** in the CloudFormation template
